
<div class="recitation">
<div class="column_date">
<p markdown="block">
        
Rec # 1 <br> 
Tue, Jan. 23
        
</p>          
</div>
    
<div class="column_recitation">
<p markdown="block">

<!--
__Warm-up activity.__ - distributed on paper during the recitation. 
--> 
 
        
[__Warm-up activity.__](https://goo.gl/S7FYbq) 



Once you complete the activity, download it in PDF format: 
_File -> Download As ... -> PDF Document (pdf)_

The completed PDF file should be submitted to Gradescope for grading (only one person from your group needs to submit the activity; you will have a chance to enter the names of all group members once you upload the file). 

Here are quick steps for uploading to Gradescope:

* Go to [gradescope.com](http://gradescope.com) and log in with you NYU email address (the version that contains your NetID).
* On your Courses page, select the course for which you’re submitting work.
* On your Courses page, you will see all of your current assignments. Click on the assignment you are turning in.
* _Click Submit PDF > Click Select PDF > locate the correct file on your computer > Click Upload PDF_
* (When activity has multiple parts) Tell us which pages correspond to each part/question on the assignment. You will see a list of all the assigned parts/questions, and images of all your document pages. For each question click the page(s) that contains your answer.
* Finally, __add the group members to the submission__: on the right hand side under the name of the person who submitted the assignment, you should see "Add Group Members" link. Use it to add up to 3 more student names to the submission. (__If you skip this step the other group members won't get credit for their work.__)

(If you did not receive email from Gradescope with an invitation to join
the class, or if you happened to delete that email, you can join the class 
by creating an account and using __9WY62K__ as a class code.)


[Submitting work on Gradescope](https://youtu.be/KMPoby5g_nE) 

__Make sure that you add all of your group members to the submission on Gradescope__ - it is not enough to have their names in the pdf.


        

</p>        
</div>
    
</div>
